{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red16\green60\blue192;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c6667\c33333\c80000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12900\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Habitica 3rd Party Developer Guidelines
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f2\fs26 First of all, welcome to the Habitica family! As an open source project, we fully welcome anyone in our community that wants to offer their skills to build upon the Habitica experience. To help your creation roll out smoothly and to keep the divide between official and unofficial apps clear to our users, we\'92ve put together these guidelines.
\f1 \

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \uc0\u8232 
\fs37\fsmilli18667 Where to start\'85
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f2\fs26 To begin, please read the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://habitica.fandom.com/wiki/Guidance_for_Comrades"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Guidance for Comrades}} Habitica wiki page dedicated to helpful instructions for our 3rd party developers who we refer to as \'91Comrades\'92. It has a lot of initial information that can help you on your way as well as our rules and standard procedures. You can also join the Habitica Guild {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://habitica.com/groups/guild/2ff9822b-27f2-4774-98da-db349b57a38e"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Aspiring Comrades}} to share your work, get feedback, and discuss ideas with fellow contributors.
\f1 \
\

\f2 Here are links to our various Github repositories for each platform. You can check out our code here and pull any assets you may need from them.
\f1 \
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/HabitRPG/habitica"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Habitica Github}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/HabitRPG/habitica-android"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Habitica Android Github}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/HabitRPG/habitica-ios"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Habitica iOS Github}}
\f2 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \
\

\f0\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \ulnone Icon Guidance\

\f2\b0\fs26 We\'92ve provided a wide variety of icon choices within this zip file that you are free to use and edit as much as you\'92d like. The wiki page linked above contains more specific guidelines on branding rules and restrictions. If you need help on how to format icons for various platforms, see the links below.\cf3 \ul \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ulnone Android
\f4\b0 \
We\'92ve saved our icon assets so they can be used according to Android adaptive app icon design. This is a format that submits two separate files, a background file and an icon file, so the system can crop and animate the icon as necessary.\
\
If you need guidance on how to implement Android icons, please look here:\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.android.com/guide/practices/ui_guidelines/icon_design_adaptive"}}{\fldrslt https://developer.android.com/guide/practices/ui_guidelines/icon_design_adaptive}}\
\

\f3\b iOS
\f4\b0 \
We\'92ve provided pngs of the largest size of icon you\'92ll need, 1024x1024. You\'92ll have to take that and resize it to the various sizes Apple requires for each device. \
\
You can see a guide for the required dimensions here:\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.apple.com/design/human-interface-guidelines/ios/icons-and-images/app-icon/"}}{\fldrslt https://developer.apple.com/design/human-interface-guidelines/ios/icons-and-images/app-icon/}}
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Anything else\

\f4\b0 Feel free to use our vector files or various pngs to resize and apply an icon to any other 3rd party app you may create. If none of the options we provided suit your fancy, the raw vectors are yours to mix, match, and adjust. Just be sure to not use any color in the purple family, whether it is from our color palette or not. }